Update docs in preperation for beta (#211)
cognitedata/cdf-project-templates: cognite_toolkit/cognite_modules/examples/cdf_apm_simple_data_model/README.md

# cdf_apm_simple_data_model

This module relies on cdf_oid_example_data being loaded.
The module creates a simple example Asset Performance Management data model and
adds the necessary transformations to populate the model with data from the
Open Industrial Data data in cdf_oid_example_data.

## Managed resources

This module manages the following resources:

1. a group with read-write access (`gp_cicd_all_read_write`) to everything in a CDF project (for `cdf-tk` as an admin tool or
    through a CI/CD pipeline).

> 2. a group with read-only access `gp_cicd_all_read_only` (for viewing configurations from UI).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. a group with read-only access `gp_cicd_all_read_only` (for viewing configurations from i Cognite Data Fusion's Web interface).
```
